{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
===  0.1(148) === \'a0\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 UI cleanups\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Display darkening with settings lock implemented. \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 ===  0.1(147) ===  \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 some UI cleanups\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 ===  0.1(145) ===  \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 corrected: Dexcom G7 sampling frequency\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 added: When double-tap to Shugga is turned on, double tapping on the app icon in settings Shuggas.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 added: footer on the main switch about locking the iPhone etc...\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 seems to work with Loop and G7\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 142-144 skipped\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 ===  0.1(141) ===  \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 added: mg/dL <-> mmol/L conversion table (tap the secondary blood glucose unit display)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 -------- end ---------\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(140)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 ========= \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Corrected: removed a space from "skip hundred" when displayed as a secondary display (display both units). eg: "1 49" to "149"\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(139)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 ========= \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Removed: You Got Dis (conflicts with .ambient when others are playing AV)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(138)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 ========= \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 scrapped (136). It stops playing.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 changed: YouGotDis now only activates when tapped and releases AV after it is done playing.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(136)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 try AVAudioSession.sharedInstance().setActive(true)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(136)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed some layout issues with sub-hub-views and typos\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(135)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 added: Show both units\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(134)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 fixed: "USSamantha" now default voice (was empty -> went to Gordon from the top of the list)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(133)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3    see 0.1 (132)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 bug: oops, now it says "From back ground" all the time...\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(132)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 BUG: when called from background, fails to say "From background" (fixed in 0.1(133)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 added: Background Shugga frequency option (how many min minutes between the last and the next background Shugga - so you can limit how often you allow Shugga in background - the system still tries around every ten min when under an optimal situation\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 beta extended for July 2023\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 "Just in" when the freshness of the glucose is less than 15 seconds (instead of "14 seconds ago")\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 I have a feeling if "Kiyoshi" is tapped, it messes up Shugga from playing over an existing media (YouTube, etc) being played. It pauses instead of playing right over, and not restarting the media (YouTube, eg)\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(131)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Grammatical correction\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Contact hub is not working \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 The rest of the hub links are working. \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Agreement hub needs work \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(129)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 more spelling corrections\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 minor layout corrections\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(129)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Kiyoshi is now "integrated" to Shugga now :)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Spelling errors\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 More comprehensive in app documentations now\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 0.1(126)\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 =========\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 the infrequent utterance bug where it quits speaking may be happening because a new install and previous voice name settings may be conflicting.}